so hey girls today that okay one sec let
me drive it over again hey girls go hear
from you to be useful for girls and I'm
going to be doing it is ten times and
cards at this and disagree without
committing you that I'm doing so that's
my heart open so let's say by Naomi and
you're getting Tampax pearl and keep
this website over here white so local
place yes you're ready to buy the
American you walk in and like the person
you like able to check out as a guy so
yeah that's what are we pretty
embarrassing so this how you do now if
you'd like playtex sport or latex or put
a channel guide or ten pence per 0 in
the guy will know if it's a guy he won't
suspect a tree but if you get like u by
kotex a lot of people will suspect it to
eat but first things first by yourself
walk with confidence because you know
every girl go to and she doesn't I'm
sorry but anyway you showed me like u by
kotex is really bold but go to a girl if
you can you had to go to a guy that's
okay and then yeah so here's a girl
that's okay I mean know if you had to go
to a guy that's okay and you because the
guy throwing that ball game so you can
with your keys and your hands are pads
and you don't want to clean the box you
put the 1-4 and they will okay well
first things first i would say putting
your hands together like squished
together and like three other stuff that
your purchases of that day but like put
this in front so it first goes in the
back and then no one will really see it
except your mom the checkout person and
someone else but me
you may sit with your stuff and every
I'll get seriously why would you be
embarrassed by buying I think or is that
because these are just things that amigo
notes every girl needs so yeah turns
sixteen times hi I would always like in
hand stuff alright thanks to this film
any statement at snacks I do this is
stay free jack in your program but
anyway so you by hurting Ponzi value
paths you get out the store and that's
all you have to do if you're in a rush
you a person open is a guy don't stay in
line in the third girl just go do your
stuff put it in first I mean like that
and if you're coming there's to walk
around the store with it say if you
learn how to crush us like a target
which is like jerem acts like a school
supply or something I don't know if
you're buying stuff for school or bias
types of problems like give her as they
like hang on I'm going to go check out
the closed session and be like can I see
the list real quick and then feminine
products u by kotex and she'll probably
more like if you use u by kotex you'll
probably networks you expect you have to
tell like even the most do psst which
schemes bottle caps ping pong so you can
make up a code word you'll be like nerf
gun like mom I need more nerf guns very
nerf guns and bullets because your
bullets can be some space small bullets
are smell like a team player Usain
Bolt's could be your tampon word and
nothing's me you paddle Shumba there
like that anyone can fence so you can
make up big names and then show just
didn't feel you but you'll be like I'm
going to go back to the first section we
buy them we so buy them for you and then
be like oh so tell her that like let's
meet up at 20 minutes I are justified
and then in 20 minutes you and me up
she'll have already like say like in 20
minutes and 30 minutes let's say that
you've checked out
we'll make sure you check out a register
519 five minutes I'll meet you there
after you checked out so I mean see all
done perfect it's just different things
and some people like you take the top
off i'll take the bottom half that's
going to be but if you don't feel
embarrassed about buying this stuff I'm
you are watching this video because
that's just a waste your time but I mean
so good for me because I'm making a
video for you guys to help you guys and
yeah so please thank you for watching
please leave questions comments
subscribe down below and interning at
Kelly Apple c @ gmail.com and also i got
this video ID law firm is made a ziti so
i just like to give her credit but
didn't know someone else out there who
acosta on Mars artist but I don't know
what made easy tea made this but the
video that she did so you can always
check out her because she's a different
suggestion than I do you know she got
hers awful our thirst in large doses
with the girl guru now so and there's a
lot of collagenous out there and there's
always a scary or something I think and
Ashley talk for girls and so many
different ones that i would recommend i
personally wants to get ideas and
comments and everything off of and so
yeah just walk up with confidence buy
your stuff and get out store so all you
gotta do thanks for watching girls bye
peace out